# Employee-Payroll-Managemnt-System
“Employee Payroll Management” is a distributed application, developed to evaluate the performance of employees working in any organization. It maintains the information about  employees of a company, also the project details assigned to particular developer. The application is actually a suite of applications developed using Java. It is simple to understand and can be used by anyone who is not even familiar with simple employees system. It is user friendly and just asks the user to follow step by step operations by giving him few options. It is fast and can perform many operations of a company. This software package has been developed using the powerful coding tools of JAVA at Front End and My SQL at Back End. Because of the Visual features, the software is very user friendly.  The package contains different modules like Employee Manager, Search, Update Salary , Deductions for property and other useful Links. For further enhancement or development of the package, user’s feedback will be considered. This project basically deals with Eight modules and their further sub modules. First module is the employee Manager module into which we can enter employee details such as his name, address, phone number, his basic salary and many more. After that we can view the details further by using the employee id, and we can modify the details also. Similarly in Update salary we can update the salary of empoyees. Next comes the allowance module in this we can calculate and save  the allowance issued to the employee. And can issue them to the employee we want to and can fix it to them.Next comes the Deduction module in this we can calculate employee’s salary deductions. Next comes the Payment module in this we can make payment and generate salary slip. We can view the report also in this. We can view employees report , Allowance report ,Deduction report.  Finally Employee Payroll management system is developed to manage the employee details which include the adding of new employees, generating salary slip of employee, modifying the employee details, deleting the particular  employee. The system display the list of employee’s exist in employee payroll management system. This is the basic overview of the whole project.
